alright so today this is just the like a
review and Nike Vapor pro little td's
thank you bae / carbons yeah so i
usually just comes in a nike box and it
comes with the back to shoes and in the
back it comes one shoe out once you're
in yeah it comes the vapor back in
having an aim in number and this shoe
has i think five nike signs on it
shiny
very tight on your feet inside there you
can see the two ankle padding which is
vapor yeah vapor carbon on the bottom
zoom this fly wire in here as you can
see you can also see the winged graphics
on them too so yeah pretty much it costs
130 dollars I got on my Dick's Sporting
Goods yeah just eye on their worth the
money I'll tell you that yeah